Getting enough sleep is
important in managing
anxiety, so look into
pregnancy pillows, calming
lotions, etc. to create a good

RELAXATION sg
STRATEGIES

Yoga, massages, breathing
technqiues, calming

EXERCISE

Physical activity is typically
safe during pregnancy and can
make a huge difference.
However, talk to your
provider if you have
pregnancy complications
before engaging in exercise.

SLEEP

bedtime routine.

MINDFULNESS

Practicing mindfulness and
other techniques similar to
this can help relief anxiety
about labor, postpartum
problems, or other stressors.

\

hobbies, etc.

JOURNALING

Writing down thoughts in a
journal allows you to sort
through your feelings,
think of solutions, and put
the worries from your head
directly onto paper.


